The below are basic instructions to setting GHOSTnet on your WWIV BBS.  Your directories may vary, the instructions 
assume you are using the stock setup provided when installing WWIV BBS.

1.  Create a directory for your new GhostNet network:
/opt/wwiv/networks/ghostnet
2.  Download and place in that directory:
bbslist.net
binkp.net
categ.net
connect.net
subs.lst
3.  If desired, download the ghostnet.ans file into your  /opt/wwiv/gfiles directory to be displayed where you see
fit to let your users know you're a member of GHOSTnet.
4.  From command line, go into your wwivconfig or ./wwivconfig for linux users.
5.  Select option "N" for networks, then option 'I' to insert a new network, and select which network you want to insert 
GhostNet to display before.  I usually just select the last number, in my case being 4, in your case maybe 2 if your
only other network is WWIVnet.
6. You will then select the "type" of network as WWIVnet.  For WWIV, GHOSTnet uses WWIV networking.
7. A new screen will appear with Netname, Directory, Node #, and Callout.net options.  Lets address the first 3:
   Netname:  GhostNet
   Directory:  /opt/wwiv/networks/ghostnet/
   Node #:  If you've been approved, you will have been assigned a node number to enter here.
8. Now lets address callout.net.  You will hit enter here, keep the node as @1 which is whom you're connecting to 
to receive GHOSTnet mail and subboard posts.  The following options will be available for you:
   Password:  You provided us a password during your application, you enter that here.  Be careful to enter this
   correctly and in all uppper case.  If the hub and your password do not match, you will receive an unathorized
   access error in your logs and will not connect to the server nor receive mail packets.
   Allow Outbound Connections:  Yes (You want this set to yes so that your BBS calls the hub to receive packets)
                                    the hub will not make calls to you.
   Call every N Minutes:  60  (Set this to every 60 minutes should be sufficient)
   Call when minimum k waiting: 0 (you may not have mail, but we may have messages for you so leave this 0)
   Call between hours of:  -1  and -1  in other words unless you have a reason, most BBSes are open 24 hours these days
   Hide from Pending List:  No (keep set to no). 
9.  Once you've completed this section you can hit the [ESC] to review all of the aforementioned until you are back to
the command line.  Don't worry (or do) WWIV will automatically save what you created.
10.  As long as your bbslist.net, binkp.net, connect.net are within your /opt/wwiv/networks/ghostnet/ directory
you are ready to attempt your first connection.  You may do so by loading ./bbs, typing "/" the forward slash, and 
hitting [ENTER].  This will force a callout to the GHOSTnet hub.

These are the basic instructions on setting up your WWIV BBS with GHOSTnet.  While we appreciate ones purist desire
to stay within the CLI and BBS space to get this setup, for screen shots and additional help, particularly with setting
up the GHOSTnet Subboards, we suggest finding us on the discord server via the invite provided to you when signing up.
We also suggest setting up, at minimum, the "GHOSTnet SysOps Landing Page" so that you may test your connection to see
if other GHOSTnet SysOps are able to receive your connection.

If you made it this far, congrats on your first steps toward getting GHOSTed!
